# Database

[Migration](Database%2017195ef89eb3806483d3ce69f75bfa3a/Migration%2017195ef89eb380c7a89ceb4bab2d1151.md)

multitenant-db.ts

Here we return the multitenant knex Db instancewith our required config

pubsub.ts

We crete a pubsub instace from inetranl and return it. 

client.ts

We return a postgres connection with appropriate Db., we get db config from .env file

connection.ts

We maintain a cache of db connections with a cleanup function. We define the role in tenant connection. To stop we create an array of connections promises and we cloose each one of them when all are setted we close it . For creating we check if we already have a connection otherwise we crete a new knex pool do some logging and add it to connections.  With set scope we set session vaiuables for role user.  usper user we set transaction connection of a superuser roles. In transaction we return the trasaction of the knexDb connection with async retry Then we write a workaround so taht if tehre is error it bubbles.

tenant.ts

In thsi we return all the tenants from the multitenant knex DB  we keep geeting tenats until we have tenants migration version≠ latest migration. For updating state we get the current state migartion version and change it. To get tenant config we get it from the db decrypt some things and store it in inmemory cache. While creating S3 credentials we count if exsting S3 creds are less tah 50 then we create or give eroor store them while encrypt ing secret key. To get s3 creds we gett them store in cache if in cache then return otherwise return them from db.