# backend

index.ts

In index we create a default client if we want to use file we use file otherwise S3 backend is created.

adapter.ts

Its the abstract class that all backend have to apply to become a storage backend. With this we can add additional  backends easily.

file.ts

here to get an object we chedck if it had range if it has range we return that particular part of the binary its used in getting small part of video audio etc. other wise we return the whole file. In upload object we check if there is a file if there is not a file we create all parent directories. create a write sttream add put data in that file agetr that we return data. For deleting we create a file path and delete that file. for copying we ensure that destination exists copy the file. set metadata to empty  and return the checksum. delet objects we run a loop on delet object and when all settled we delet all objects. for head we get data from file and return it . we ensure that there is a directory there and create metadata.json and write it all there. In upload part we upload the file with partnumber. in completing multipart upload we validate each part. then we sort by partnumber read all with multisteram get meta data upload this entrie as one file. for uploading a part we check sorse and destination if we only have to read part we read that using range only. after that we copy and return. rest we set metadata. 

s3.ts

Constructor creatres a client to do api operations from aws sdk with options . For getting the object create a s3object get s3 compatible copmmand and send it to the created client after that return file and metadata. create an upload command from s3 storage and when done return it. and in all others also create command and send it everything is mostly handled by s3 in aws.