# Storage

[Renderer](Storage%2017095ef89eb38063ad36cd5ce52f888c/Renderer%2017195ef89eb380f4a22bfac611e71f05.md)

[backend](Storage%2017095ef89eb38063ad36cd5ce52f888c/backend%2017295ef89eb380198528c15c12eaec86.md)

[Database](Storage%2017095ef89eb38063ad36cd5ce52f888c/Database%2017295ef89eb380a18e52f0977401c2d2.md)

[Event](Storage%2017095ef89eb38063ad36cd5ce52f888c/Event%2017295ef89eb38039a956ef633055acec.md)

[Protocol](Storage%2017095ef89eb38063ad36cd5ce52f888c/Protocol%2017295ef89eb38050b371f981036bb71a.md)

limits.ts

We get the max file limit from min of tentant limit and max upper limit,. We check if filename and bucketname is valid according to s3. parse filesize to bytes return filesize from gb mb to bytes. 

object.ts

Talk to objects and database as superuser leads you to bypass RLS when we upload a file from request,. in upload from request we uplaod after finding bucket as super user wile uploading we check if valid name and then upload using uploader. While deleting we check if there is that object delet from db and file and return webhook. With multiple delete you dele from db and files and send multiple webhooks using queue. for meta data upldate we update data and send webhook. and there are many operations like this studied in the objects api. 

Storage.ts

from returns object functions on a specific bucket. After that all methids are studied in the bucket api.

uploader.ts

 Handles the upload of a multi-part request or binary body. for can upload it checks if you can create or upsert object. To upload we use upload object from backend.,On completion we add or update to db add events push webhook. for uploading a file from request. we get max filesize. For uploading file from request check if it is multipart/form-data else assume its raw if multipart formdata other wise assume its raw body bytes and return appprpriate thungs.